COMP3104-DevOps

In this course students will learn the procedures, protocols and best practices that a DevOps
engineer brings to a workplace environment to increase productivity. Analyze and evaluate
various developer operation implementations available and implement hands-on work using
industry standard toolkit. Create solutions to complex business problems by adhering to the core
responsibilities of DevOps

Course Outcomes
At the end of this course, the student will reliably demonstrate the ability to:
1. Demonstrate knowledge of effective DevOps techniques and be able to provide solutions 
using industry standard tools and techniques such as continuous 
integration/delivery/deployment strategies, software development lifecycle, application 
containerization for deployment, etc.
2. Perform hand-on lab work by applying DevOps techniques.
3. Ensure effective cross collaboration amongst IT staff by following the role and 
responsibilities of an engineer.
4. Analyze and utilize Version Control System workflows for low-risk software releases.
5. Take well informed architectural decisions for software products, specifically in the 
context of monolith vs microservice architectures.
6. Monitor code quality and deploy applications to hosting services.
7. Utilize service platforms such as Infrastructure as Code and the associated benefits of 
cloud computing products.
8. Identify the market space as a DevOps engineer. s.


LIST OF TEXTBOOKS AND OTHER TEACHING AIDS:
Required: None
COMP3104 - DevOps – Last update: 08/18/2024 2
Recommended Resources:
1. https://github.com
2. https://travis-ci.com
3. https://docker.com
4. https://kubernetes.io
5. https://www.sonarqube.org

Course Delivery Mode
The course uses various instructional methods, such as lectures, demonstrations, hands-on 
exercises, and take-home assignments. The delivery mode depends on whether the course is 
online or in person. Online lectures will be the primary mode, but there may be in-person 
lectures for in-person participants. Labs will be conducted virtually for the online program, while 
in-person program students must attend on-campus labs. For more information about the delivery 
mode, please refer to D2L. Any updates will be communicated through D2L in advance

Assignment Policy
● All assignments must be submitted on the due date based on an instruction given by the 
professor. Late assignment will be penalized 20% per day to a maximum of seven days, 
the weekend included unless the student has notified the professor (via email, phone or in 
person) ahead of the due date that he/she has a valid reason for a late submission.

Test Policy
● Students must complete tests and the final exam on the assigned day. If unable to 
complete the test/exam as scheduled, students are required to notify the professor at least 
three days prior to the date, so alternative arrangements can be made. Failure to comply 
with this policy may result in a zero grade.
● There will be no makeup quiz and lab exercises. If you anticipate missing more than two 
quizzes or lab exercises for serious, major reasons, notify your professor beforehand.