Information about George Brown College

Who was George Brown?
George Brown (1818-1880) was a 19th-century Scottish-born Canadian politician, newspaper publisher (he founded The Globe, precursor to The Globe and Mail) and was one of the Fathers of Confederation. An essential figure in the formation of Canada, Brown was a strong believer in public education.

In 1967, Canada’s centennial year, Bill Davis, then the Ontario Minister of Education, suggested that George Brown College would be a suitable name for the new college of applied arts and technology, noting: “the city to which George Brown added such lustre as a reformer, journalist, and statesman should honour him in this way.”

Evolution, education, employment
George Brown College opened its doors in 1968, welcoming just over 2,000 students. In addition to programs in construction, early childhood education, dental services and the culinary arts — subjects we continue to teach — we once offered programs that might not be quite as relevant today, like signwriting and watchmaking. Believe it or not, we even prepared students for careers at sea through a marine engineering program.

Since then, our full-time student population has grown to around 30,000. People come to George Brown from across the Greater Toronto Area, the country and the world to develop the skills and gain the real-world experience needed to succeed in the workplace.

Since 2004, George Brown has more than doubled in size, broadened our international partnerships and increased our commitment to strengthening the cultural, economic and social fabric of Toronto.

General Enquiries
The friendly staff at the George Brown College Contact Centre are available to assist you with enquiries regarding:

Applications
Student Services
Password Assistance
General College Information 
You can also visit our FAQs to get answers to your questions about admissions, registration, and student support services or submit a question to our Contact Centre using this online form. 

Additional service department contact information is listed lower down within this page. 

Currently registered students can visit the MyGBC Student Portal and quickly get answers using the Ask George Brown Chatbot or get assistance with a live agent.

The Contact Centre's hours of operation are:

Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
Fridays: 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.

Corporate Information

Administration at George Brown plays an important role in the smooth functioning of all aspects of the college.

The Senior Management Profiles introduce you to the strong team of leaders we have managing the college.

Finance provides you with all the relevant contact information for accounts receivable, accounts payable, financial services, financial planning, payroll and the bookstores.

The Facilities Management Department provides a comprehensive range of services such as space planning, the design, building construction, renovations, engineering, maintenance, energy management, housekeeping, furnishings, grounds maintenance and transportation. It is responsible for operating and maintaining buildings at all College Campuses: St. James Campus, Casa Loma Campus, Toronto Metropolitan University Campus and Waterfront Campus. Facilities provides health and safety guidelines for contractors working at the college to maintain the safety of everyone involved.